[13.0][IMP] account_payment_term_extension: Add amount_untaxed to value option in payment term lines (#382)
OCA/account-payment: account_payment_term_extension/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module extends the functionality of payment terms to :

> * select amount_untaxed type in lines (related to amount_untaxed from invoice)

Reviewer: This is functional documentation, not technical one

```suggestion
* select "Percent (untaxed amount)" type in lines for using the base amount instead of the total (with taxes) one.
```
